PAGE       :
 7 
 
 
 
 
overnment has announced 10% reservation for the Kapu community and other Economically Weaker Sections (EWS) for appointments in the initial posts and services in the State government in accor dance with the Constitution (103rd Amendment) Act, 2019.  As per a G.O. issued by the Chief Secretary on Wed nesday, the 10% reservation in employment will bene†t Kapus who are neither be ne†ted under the BC quota nor under the EWS quota and other OC sections who are deprived of the bene†ts of reservation thus far due to nonimplementation of the EWS quota. 10% reservation for EWS  in govt. jobs announced Decision will largely bene†t Kapus Staff Reporter VIJAYAWADA CONTINUED ON  APAGE 4 Raise VSP, RLIS issues in  Parliament, CM tells MPs  GUNTURChief Minister Y.S. Jagan Mohan Reddy asked his MPs to raise the Polavaram, VSP, Rayalaseema Lift Irrigation Scheme and the Krishna River Management Board issues in the monsoon session of Parliament.ANDHRA PRADESH  APAGE 4 DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDNEARBYFarmers go to NGT  over Palamuru project  GUNTUR:Farmers of A.P. have †led a plea with the National Green Tribunal against the ongoing Palamuru Lift Irrigation Project of Telengana, stating that the State was going ahead with the project despite giving assurances to the contrary in the past.ANDHRA PRADESH  APAGE 4 DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDKRMB urges TSGenco to  not draw Krishna water  VIJAYAWADA The KRMB on Thursday wrote to TSGenco urging it to stop further release of water through the three projects as it is agreed that the water drawn for generating power is incidental to irrigation and drinking water needs.ANDHRA PRADESH  APAGE 4 DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD860 acres allotted to JSPL for steel plant  VIJAYAWADA  The State government has permitted the APIIC to allot 860 acres of land in Nellore district to Jindal Steel & Power Limited (JSPL) for the establishment of an integrated steel plant.ANDHRA PRADESH  APAGE 4 DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDCMYKMVZVZE friday, july 16, 2021 Visakhapatnam City Edition 16 pages O†7.00Printed at .Chennai.Coimbatore .Bengaluru .Hyderabad.Madurai.Noida .Visakhapatnam .Thiruvananthapuram .Kochi.Vijayawada .Mangaluru .Tiruchirapalli .Kolkata .Hubballi.Mohali.Malappuram.Mumbai.Tirupati .lucknow .cuttack .patna follow us: thehindu.com  facebook.com/thehindu  twitter.com/the_hindu Centre drafts simpler drone rules, seeks feedback from public page 8 West Bengal CM to  visit Delhi ahead of monsoon session  page 9 Modi lauds U.P. govt.™s e†orts in tackling COVID19 crisis page 10 Pant and throwdown expert test positive  for COVID19 page 13 Chief Justice of India N.V. Ra mana, in what may be an un precedented judicial criti cism of the way the sedition law is used by the govern ment to crush liberties, asked why a colonial law used against Mahatma Gand hi and Bal Gangadhar Tilak continued to survive in the law book 75 years after Independence.ﬁSedition is a colonial law. It suppresses freedoms. It was used against Mahatma Gandhi, Tilak... Is this law necessary after 75 years of Independence?ﬂ Chief Jus tice Ramana, heading a threejudge Bench, orally ad dressed AttorneyGeneral K.K. Venugopal and Solici torGeneral Tushar Mehta, appearing for the Centre. The CJI said the sedition law, or Section 124A of the Indian Penal Code, was prone to misuse by the go vernment. ﬁThe use of sedi tion is like giving a saw to the carpenter to cut a piece of wood and he uses it to cut the entire forest itself.ﬂ The CJI™s oral statement in open court takes a signi† cant note amid rising public denouncement of Central and State law enforcement agencies using the law to si lence dissent, muzzle free expression and deny bail to jailed activists, journalists, students and civil society members. A number of peti tions have been †led high lighting the ﬁchilling e“ectﬂ sedition has on the funda mental right of free speech. The CJI™s remarks have also opened the ‘oor for debate and introspection on the court™s own verdict in 1962, in the  Kedar Nath case, which upheld Section 124A.  Why do you need the ‚colonial  law™ of sedition, CJI asks govt.  ‚It suppresses freedom and is prone to misuse™ Krishnadas Rajagopal New Delhi CONTINUED ON  APAGE 8 STRONG MESSAGE  APAGE 9 Maharashtra again saw a marginal rise in COVID19 cases on Thursday, report ing 8,010 new cases as op posed to 7,391 recoveries, as the active case tally, which had dipped in the past few days, rose incrementally to 1,07,205.  The State had the highest number of cases in India, and the decline in cases at the end of the second wave has slowed down now. The death toll remained comparatively low, with a to tal of 170 deaths pushing the State™s cumulative fatalities to 1,26,560, with the case fa tality rate standing at 2.04%. The fatalities were chie‘y concentrated in western Maharashtra, with Kolha pur, Pune and Satara report ing the most fatalities and cases. The total cases have reached 61,89,257 while cumulative recoveries have risen to 59,44,801.  Maharashtra™s active case  number sees an uptick  Decline in cases at the end of second wave slows down Shoumojit Banerjee PuneCONTINUED ON  APAGE 8 The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) com mittee formed to investigate complaints of postpoll vio lence in West Bengal has re commended that cases of heinous crimes be trans ferred to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).  In its report to the Calcut ta High Court on Monday, the panel said it received 1,979 complaints covering over 15,000 victims during its inquiry. The panel visited the State from June 24 to July 10. ﬁA large number of cases related to murders, rapes, molestation and vandalism received from local sources in West Bengal while the teams were camping there,ﬂ the report said.  The Calcutta High Court ordered panel, which was headed by NHRC member Rajiv Jain, concluded that the State government had ex hibited apathy towards the victims. It found that there was ﬁretributive violenceﬂ by Trinamool Congress sup porters against supporters of the ﬁmajor Opposition par tyﬂ, referring to the BJP.  ‚Hold trial outside State™ ﬁThere is need to provide justice to victims and restore their con†dence in the cri minal justice system, which can be best rendered by a neutral agency. Hence, it is recommended that all hei nous cases, including mur der, unnatural deaths, rape and grievous hurt, and com plaints carrying these allega tions, should be transferred to the CBI for investigation,ﬂ the report said, adding that the trial of the CBI cases should be conducted outside West Bengal. The report said there had been 29 complaints related to murder and 12 cases of at tempt to rape/sexual assault/ molestation.  NHRC panel seeks CBI probe into Bengal riots  Report cites cases of murder, rape and molestation Damini Nath NEW DELHI CONTINUED ON  APAGE 8 External A“airs Minister S. Jaishankar met Afghanis tan President Ashraf Ghani and U.S. Deputy National Security Adviser and spe cial envoys on Thursday. ﬁDiscussed the situation in and around Afghanistan. Reiterated our support for peace, stability,ﬂ he  said. Jaishankar  meets Ghani,  U.S. o“cials  Suhasini Haidar TASHKENT FULL REPORT  APAGE 8 This PDF was originally uploaded To The  English Newspaper L Banna SA (https://t.me/English_Newspaper_L_Banna)one else Backup chennal @NEWS_Backup_L_Banna 
 
 
 
 

PAGE       :
 12 
 
 
 
 
VISAKHAPATNAM
THE HINDU FRIDAY,JULY16,2021 6EDITORIALAfghan™s future Despite what the Kabul government and India™s External A†airs Ministry say, it seems probable that all of Afghanistan will soon be under the control of the Taliban. The Taliban have defeated the Americans ,just as their predecessors did the British and the Soviets . But it is unlikely that they will be the insular tyrants of 1996, as both they and Afghanistan have changed. They are more aware of the wider world now. They are likely to convene a  Loya Jirga , and Afghanistan is likely to be ruled as a loose confederation of tribal leaders. Foreign powers will be well advised to stay out of Afghanistan™s politics for now. Afghans in the last two centuries have never tolerated a ruler propped up by outsiders, and will not tolerate one again. India should continue aid, but not make the mistake of telling Afghans what to do in their own country. Mano Daniel, ChennaiAstrology and India In a nation that still blindly adheres to numerous irrational practices, the idea of a society founded on one of logic and reason is too far a dream (OpEd, ﬁNo pseudoscience, pleaseﬂ, July 15). Despite many being educated and/or having access to various technologies, adherence to scienti“c temperament has taken a back seat in the minds of many . Any discussion challenging the validity of such blind beliefs is most often scorned or termed as hurting prevalent cultural sentiments. This reluctance to accept rationale over blind beliefs and related practices is what has also stalled growth and development .  AdhiraSree K., Puthur, Palakkad, Kerala nEvery progressive thinking person in India must oppose the introduction of this course by IGNOU which goes against the spirit of the Constitution in promoting scienti“c temper, the spirit of enquiry and reform. Every e†ort must be made by the Government, universities and the general public  to promote astronomy and not astrology. Astronomy a†ords ample opportunities to advance the frontiers of knowledge and science .Karra Anil Kumar, Guntur, Andhra Pradesh nThe article reminded me of what is considered to be the “rst Malayalam novel, Kunthalatha/Kundalatha ,published in 1887, where the author, Appu Nedungadi, is sarcastic about astrology: that humans believing in the planets directing their course of life is akin to the “sh of the sea thinking that their life is shaped by the ships crisscrossing the waters. It is quite intriguing to see India looking to subjects such as astrology, with  nointerest in the iconoclastic philosophies of those such as Charvaka that will show us India™s intellectual vibrancy even in ancient times and help foster scienti“c temper. Sukumaran C.V., Palakkad, Kerala nBeing a contemporary of the writer and witnessing astounding human achievements in exploring space, I think all of us  should ponder over the decision of a premier academic institute launching astrology as a degree course. It would be laudable if further opinions works of B.V. Raman, K.N. Rao, P.V.R. Narasimha Rao and Barbara Pijan. I would say the article lacks depth in terms of research in astrology. Jay D., MumbaiWimbledon matches It is a bit shocking that there could be a hint of match“xing at even Wimbledon. Of course, as the International Tennis Integrity Agency has said, an alert on its own is no evidence of match“xing, but with two matches under scrutiny, it does make one™s heart skip a beat wondering whether the most prestigious tennis tournament in the world is safe. There may be nothing to it in the end. Tennis has to be scandal free. Aman Arora, New Delhi and suggestions of great scholars on the subject are taken into account for the inclusion or withdrawal of astrology as a core subject . Ranjani Natarajan, ChennainAstrology is a subject which may be of interest to some people. How can anyone object to pursuing a subject which is of interest to him? Notwithstanding the opinion of the writer, there are many who still believe in astrology. Perhaps the writer needs to take some time o† to explore the  subject. V.S. Jayaraman, ChennainWhile I agree that astrology is not a panacea and has its own limitations, calling it a pseudoscienceﬂ instead of ﬁancient scienceﬂ is undoing the works of writers such as Varahamihira . The writer is advised to go through the LETTERS TO THE EDITOR  Letters emailed to letters@thehindu.co.in must carry the full postal address and the full name or the name with initials. To read more letters online, scan the QR code R.K. Raghavan It is an accepted axiom in a de mocracy such as  India that the Executive shall abide by the Constitution. By the same logic, the bureaucracy is answerable to the lawfully elected government. It is this unassailable legal position which keeps a check on police conduct in a democratic nation.  Writing just  after a Minneapolis police o‘cer was sentenced in the United States, on June 25, to  22 andahalf years in prison for the horri“c murder of a hapless citi zen, George Floyd, and the enor mous media publicity it has re ceived the world over Š Floyd was videotaped in May 2020, that showed him dying as the o‘cer was kneeling on his neckŠ my un easy feeling is that government and public distrust of the police will further widen. Even a straight forward and lawabiding police man will hardly be believed. The onus will be on him to prove that he is honest and humane. The Minneapolis court verdict will no doubt receive support from everyone who believes in a system of checks and balances. My ques tion, however, is whether happen ings of this kind and our own hor ri“c episode in Sattankulam, Tamil Nadu, when in June 2020, a 58yearold father and his 31year old son were subject to police bru tality and died, justify further curbs on the police authority to in vestigate an established crime. I know well that I will be in the mi nority when I plead for at least a slightly kindlier view of police con duct and more latitude to them in the standard operating proce dures which they follow, especial ly when they investigate a compli cated crime. Top court™s observation It is in this context that I cite a re cent Supreme Court of India  ob servation (https://bit.ly/2VCeBYS) that courts have no authority to di rect an investigating o‘cer  to in turn direct the arrest of any partic ular individual connected with a crime. This view should be exa mined in the background of grow ing instances of subordinate judi cial o‘cers, and even High Courts sometimes, directing the investi gating o‘cer to e†ect the arrest of aparticular individual who has come to adverse notice as a sus pect in the commission of a crime. Iam happy that the highest court of the land has intervened in the matter. I have come across ma ny instances of courts bullying pol ice o‘cers, asking  why ‚x™ has been arrested and not ‚y™. Such di rections cut at the roots of crimi nal justice ethics, because the be drock of English jurisprudence that we have adopted with some modi“cations is the principle that anyone hauled up by law should be considered innocent unless he is proved guilty The direction to the police with regard to arrests during a criminal investigation is harmful to police morale and cuts at the roots of “eld policing. Court observations that smackof a lack of faith in police ability and inte grity will make grassroot level pol icemen even more arbitrary than now and force them into carrying out questionable actions that will cast aspersions on an o‘cer™s abil ity to think for himself. Istrongly believe that the Code of Criminal Procedure (CrPC) vests su‘cient discretion in the investi gating o‘cer to take such deci sions as arrests and searches, and even the dropping of further ac tion after registering a“rst infor mation report  Court interference Š  mind you, it is not intervention Š in the day today investigation is not only un desirable but is also not sanc tioned by law. I am of the view that except for the Supreme Court, in whom the Constitution vests enor mous authority and discretion which are not questionable, the lesser courts shall not give direc tions in the matter of arrests and searches.  Courts should remember that the police are a wellestablished hierarchy that is obligated to en sure objectivity during a criminal investigation. Every investigation is supervised by at least  two imme diate senior o‘cers. In the more important cases, there are a few more levels . It is their duty to en sure that every investigation is handled lawfully and impartially. Where  supervisory o‘cers fail in their duty because of sheer indo lence or buckle under external pressure, they deserve to be pulled up by courts. But not before they are found guilty of indi†e rence or malfeasance. FIR is mandatory We need to educate the E xecutive and the common man that it is now wellestablished law that a “rst information report is not an act of charity to the aggrieved complainant. It is mandatory that every police station in the land should register a complaint under the relevant sections of a statute the moment a cogni sable o†ence is made out in the complaint. The complaint may be false or frivo lous in order to settle personal scores. But the basic requirement is registration. There is another safeguard against police misconduct. The CrPC makes it obligatory for the in vestigating o‘cer to write a diary that details the action taken every day following registration. To such adiary are attached witness state ments. When in doubt, the com petent court, which already has a copy of the “rst information re port , can demand to see the case diary. If the content of such a diary establishes the complicity of an in dividual, the court can question an investigating o‘cer  as to what he proposed to do on the basis of such evidence. Directing an inves tigating o‘cer to go ahead with an arrest even before he has scruti nis ed the evidence collected is un sustainable in law. Holding up a mirror  Iam not pleading the cause of pol ice o‘cers, many of whom are burdened with the task of unra velling the truth in a complicated occurrence. I also concede that there are many dishonest police o‘cers at all levels who work over time to sabotage an investigation with a view to saving an o†ender or are waiting to please a rank out sider for monetary consideration. To paint all police o‘cers with the same brush is hugely unfair to a majority of investigators.  To sum up, I would place the blame for the ills that a†ect the police , particularly in the area of criminal investigation, squarely at the door of many senior o‘cers who are waiting to be browbeaten by outsiders or are looking for un ethical avenues to aggrandi se themselves. R.K. Raghavan, a former Central Bureau of Investigation Director, is currently Professor of Criminal Justice and Policing at the Jindal Global School, Sonipat, Haryana Interference an investigating o†cer can do without Growing instances of judicial interference in an investigation are not only undesirable but also not sanctioned by law GETTY IMAGES/ISTOCKPHOTO Father Stan Swamy passed away in a Mumbai hospital last week, on July 5, while his case for bail was going on in the Bombay High Court. On being in formed of his death, the Bench hearing his case is reported to have observed,  ﬁwith all humility at our command, this is a shocking news. We passed that order, to take him to the hospital of his choice. We have no words to ex press our condolences....ﬂ Fr.  Swa my, 84, was su†ering from Parkin son™s disease, bilateral hearing loss, back pain and ﬁgeneralised weaknessﬂ. His health had begun to deteriorate since his incarcera tion in Mumbai, after his arrest on October 8, 2020, by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) under the Unlawful Activities (Preven tion) Act (UAPA), in the Bhima Ko regaon case. On May 28 he was moved to a private hospital, fol lowing a court order, but his con dition had worsened. Meanwhile the court had continued hearing his bail application but not arrived at a decision. Global criticism Like the Bombay High Court Bench, Fr.  Swamy™s many admir ers in India and abroad would have been ﬁshockedﬂ at his death while still in custody. This impor tant fact Š that he continued to be in custody in Mumbai Š will not be missed by those who followed the case, including human rights or ganisations abroad, for Fr.  Swamy had wished to be allowed to return to Jharkhand, but tragically that was not to be. Naturally, even then the law would have taken its course in respect of the trial.  The Indian system™s treatment of Fr.Swamy has attracted sub stantial and pointed criticism from signi“cant international quarters. Mary Lawlor, the United Nations Special Rapporteur on the situa tion of Human Rights Defenders ,after his death, plainly made the accusation that he was arrested on ﬁfalse charges of terrorismﬂ. The European Union™s Special Repre sentative for Human Rights, Ea mon Gilmore, did not go so far, but said that the European Union had been ﬁraising his case repeatedly with the [Indian] authoritiesﬂ. In a statement on July 6 on Fr.  Swamy™s death, Liz Throssell, the spokes person for the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, Michelle Bachelet, stated, ﬁWe are deeply saddened and disturbedﬂ and went on to describe him as a ﬁlong standing activist, particular ly on the rights of indigenous peo ples and other marginalised groupsﬂ. The United States State Department expressed sadness at his death and called him a ﬁJesuit priest and tribal rights activistﬂ. And, the United States Commis sion on International Religious Freedom ﬁcondemned in the strongest terms the deliberate ne glect and targeting by the govern ment of India that led to the death of Father Stan Swamy– longtime human rights defenderﬂ. Adefence that is wooden  While denying him bail, a special NIA courtconcluded that the ﬁma terial placed on record thus prima facie denote[d]ﬂ that Stan Swamy ﬁwas not only themember of the banned organisation Communist Party of India ( Maoist ) but he was carrying out activities further in the objective of the organisation which is nothing but to overthrow the democracy of the nationﬂ. This opinion clearly has not been taken into consideration nor has it  been found to be credible by interna tional observers. Fr. Swamy  has continued to be described as a hu man rights activist.  It is also doubtful that the de fence of the Ministry of External A†airs (MEA),that ﬁAuthorities in India act against violations of law and not against legitimate exercise of rights. All such actions are strictly in accordance with the lawﬂ, will “nd many takers in res pect of the Fr. Swamy case, both with regard to his arrest as well as denial of bail.  In response to criticism in the case, the MEA, on July 6, also not ed that ﬁIndia™s democratic and constitutional polity is comple mented by an independent judici ary, a range of national and state level Human Rights Commissions that monitor violations, a free me dia and a vibrant and vocal civil so ciety. India remains committed to promotion and protection of hu man rights of all its citizens (https://bit.ly/3kh4CCN)ﬂ.  This, no doubt, is true as a gen eral proposition. However, these words will inevitably be refracted through the prism of denial of bail to an ailing, very old man who was considered by in’uential sections of international opinion to have been an activist for the tribal peo ple, assisting them in the preserva tion of their rights and their way of life. Also, inevitably, they will not be able to forget that it took almost amonth for the jail authorities to provide a straw, sipper and winter clothes to Fr. Swamy, as  Parkin son™s disease made it di‘cult for him to hold cups or glasses. The ‚straw and sipper™ may become a visual metaphor, for words too paint pictures. These aspects, among others, will raise questions about the MEA™s statement espe cially among Christian church groups abroad because Fr.  Swamy was a Jesuit priest and it will not be unnatural for them to take some interest in the matter. Perceived path of the state All this will also be viewed in the context of the events of the past few years, when international lib eral opinion has been deeply con cerned by what it perceives as the direction taken by Indian society and polity. There is of course no question of pandering to such opi nion on India™s core security inter ests in issues relating to terrorism from abroad and indiscriminate violence driven by ideologydriven direct perpetrators of violence against the state causing,  inter alia, the loss of innocent lives. Ho wever, diplomacy requires en gagement with international liber al opinion, not wooden and in’exible assertions of general principles only. The G overnment has refused to engage with either domestic or global liberal opinion. What has to be realised is that even as the national public culture and mores seek to shed the vestig es of both their anglicised and Per sianate past, it needs to retain the old value of caring. Indeed, a strong and e†ective state can and must also be a humane state, which it hardly was in the case of Fr.  Swamy. When India embarked on the great national enterprise af ter Independence, it did so on the principle that it would achieve de velopment not through an author itarian polity but a democratic and liberal one, despite the obstacles and challenges that lay in the way. For the superior judiciary Yes, special laws were, and conti nue to be required to meet the challenges that arise from violence that cannot be confronted under the ordinary criminal statute. Their application, however, re quires constant review. As jail is the rule and bail the exception for those charged under special laws, there should be very strong evi dence to substantiate these charg es. But in some cases, this is ob viously not so. Consequently, the accused while languishing in jail for many years are acquitted dur ing trials indicating that there was insu‘cient evidence  ab initio tolock them up. This is unacceptable and the superior judiciary needs to redress the situation through an audit of such cases. Fr. Stan Swa my™s case should provide an impe tus to put such an audit machinery in place as India approaches the 75th year of its I ndependence. It will also reassure international opinion that India is a responsive state. Vivek Katju is a former diplomat A strong Indian state mustbe humane too Having an audit system to review cases such as Fr. Stan Swamy™s will also help reassure international liberal opinion  Vivek Katju GETTY IMAGES/ISTOCKPHOTO The latest in’ation data based on retail and whole sale prices are yet again ’ashing cautionary sig nals as spiralling costs continue to dog the  pan demichit economy.  CPI based in’ation stayed stuck above the RBI™s 6% upper bound for the second straight month, with June™s provisional annualised 6.26% only a touch slower than the sixmonth high pace of 6.3% re gistered in  May. In’ation at the retail level was largely propelled by sharp increases in  key food itemprices in cluding oils and fats, which surged almost 35% from  ayear earlier and gained 2.9% from May™s levels, as a lso egg, which jumped 19.4% yearonyear and 6.2% from the preceding month, and pulses and products, which climbed 10% from June 2020. As RBI o‘cials reviewing the State of the Economy in the central bank™s monthly Bulletin released on Thursday observed, fuel in’atio n, which excludes petrol and diesel, surged to a record 12.7% in June driven by LPG, kerosene and the rural poor™s mainstay, “rewood and dungcake. And, discon certingly, LPG and kerosene prices have also registered increases so far in July. Transport costs remain per sis tently high as both petrol and diesel prices continue to rise, with the former now averaging š 102.92 a litre  in the four major metros as on July 12, and diesel at almost š94, according to the Bulletin article. With global crude oil trending higher, the unabated rise in domestic tran sportation costs isbound to re’ect in retail prices of farm produce and products shipped from factories. Wholesale price in’ation also stayed stubbornly high at 12.07% in June, after May™s record 12.94%, as price gains in the fuel and power category soared 32.8% an nually, and those of manufactured products edged up to 10.88%. Medium and smallscale industrial units, al ready struggling to cope with the pandemic™s impact on demand and overall “nances, now face  rising raw mate rial and input costs. With manufacturing activity co n tracting in June for the “rst time in 11 months as per IHS Markit™s PMI, the economy is visibly struggling to regain traction in the wake of the second wave, which has eroded demand and consumptive capacity  in both ur ban and rural markets. Add to this the looming possibil ity that this year™s monsoon rains may be less than adequate, either temporally or spatially, disrupting agricultural output and the outlook for both in’ation and growth gets signi“cantly clouded. With cumulative rainfall since June 1 being 5% below average and 12 weather subdivisions spanning 37% of the country™s area experiencing de“cient rainfall as on July 15, and the pandemic still nowhere near under control, the risk of precarity and hardship rising in the rural hinterland is very real. The G overnment must, at the very least, cut fuel taxes to ease the burden on consumers. Growing precarity Fuel levies must be cut to ease the burden on consumers reeling under rising in“ation India™s relations with China have been in deep freeze for over a year. The crisis on the  LAC remains unre solved, and tens of thousands of soldiers from both sides still remain deployed in forward areas. Against this backdrop, Wednesday™s meeting between External A†airs Minister S. Jaishankar and his Chinese counte r part Wang Yi in Dushanbe assumes signi“cance. Their last meeting in Moscow, in September 2020, took place in the aftermath of the Galwan Valley clash and at a time of a tinderboxlike situation south of Pangong Lake, with  troops and artillery dangerously close to each oth er on the  heights of the Kailash Range. A political agree ment then paved the way for both sides to disengage in February, but the agreements in Galwan and Pangong Lake, where both sides have put in place nopatrolling zones , have not been followed at other disputed sites, in Depsang, Demchok, Gogra and Hot Springs.  Will the Dushanbe meeting similarly break the im passe? The initial readouts from both sides do not in spire con“dence. Mr. Jaishankar said the unresolved sit uation was ﬁvisibly impacting the relationship in a negative mannerﬂ and ﬁassessing the overall relation shipﬂ, it was peace on the border that provided ﬁthe foundation for the development of ties since 1988ﬂ when the post1962 freeze ended. Mr. Wang did not ap pear to view the boundary dispute with the same se riousness, instead calling for it to be kept ﬁin an appro priate placeﬂ while ﬁexpanding the positive momentum of bilateral cooperationﬂ. Where both sides did agree is in their assessment, as Mr. Jaishankar put it, that ﬁa pro longation of the existing situation was not in the i nter est of either sideﬂ. The di†erence from Moscow to Dushanbe is that China, which last year was equally concerned after India™s counterdeployments to take the heights of the Kailash Range where even shots were “red in warning Š the “rst “ring since 1975 Š now ap pears to be in no hurry to restore the  status quo elsewh ere. India, having declared that normalcy cannot be possible without disengagement and deescalation and signalled its intent with measures including scrutiny on Chinese investments Š bilateral trade, however, is s till booming beyond prepandemic levels thanks to huge imports of medical supplies Š will now have to stay the course to underline its resolve on restoring the  status quo . Mr. Wang also said that Beijing™s ﬁstrategic judg ment on ChinaIndia relations remains unchangedﬂ. Whether China™s PLA , which has been dragging its feet on negotiations to restore the LAC  status quo since Fe bruary, shares that judgement remains to be seen. The only way for Beijing to demonstrate that is indeed t he case will be to resume negotiations on the LAC at the earliest. Unless a full restoration of peace and a deesca lation on the borders happen, the relations in all other spheres will remain cloaked in distrust. Ending the impasse  India,China cannot put the distrust of the past behind without resolving the border issue This PDF was originally uploaded To The  English Newspaper L Banna SA (https://t.me/English_Newspaper_L_Banna)one else Backup chennal @NEWS_Backup_L_Banna 
 
 
 
 

PAGE       :
 13 
 
 
 
 
THE HINDU VISAKHAPATNAM
FRIDAY,JULY16,2021 7OPEDIn the course of a book review in the current number of the  Local SelfGovernment Ga zette , Mr. J.C. Malony examines the results of the recent census †gures of the City from the point of view of housing. He refers to the de plorably slow rate of growth in the popula tion in the City, 0.8 per cent, and in his cha racteristic manner suggests so at least it seems to us, that even that small increase may not after all be a welcome increase! He examines the increase of population, divi sion by division, and remarks: ﬁThe greatest increase (18.6 per cent) in division 14 is apt to provoke a smile: for the main residential building in that division is the lunatic asy lum!ﬂ The upshot of his study is that ﬁMa dras is becoming either less healthy or less attractive as a place of residence, a conclu sion which leads us abruptly back to the ‚housing problem™.ﬂ That the problem is be coming more and more acute he does not doubt. ﬁI have recently been compiling sta tistics as to rent actually paid by Indian clerks,ﬂ he writes, ﬁand having enquired into 526 cases, I †nd that very few clerks pay away as rent 10 per cent or less of their salar ies, a larger number pay between 10 per cent and 20 per cent.ﬂ AHUNDRED YEARS AGO  JULY 16, 1921 The Housing Problem. CC CCDATA POINT The recent demise of thespian Dilip Kumar has led to an outpouring of grief on social media  and quite right ly so. The nation has just lost one of its most consummate actors who will always be cherished for his versatili ty. While reminiscing his work, peo ple will discuss  Daag ,  Naya Daur ,Madhumati ,  Sagina Mahato ,  Shakti and other  †lms. Though he had re tired from acting and was ailing for a long time, his presence served as a reminder of a sensibility that has now come to elude the contemporary Hindi †lm industry. Standing up for causes Kumar was a successful actor, a su perstar so to speak who never with held from speaking his mind or en dorsing the causes that he believed in, most of which were humanitar ian . He was regularly involved in re lief work during the various riots that rocked Mumbai. He stood resolute with Deepa Mehta when she was vili †ed and attacked during the release of her controversial †lm,  Fire .  Kumar frequently spoke against and de nounced acts of fascism and majori tarian fanaticism. In the late 1990s, he went to Lucknow to ex press solidarity with the cul tural organisation, Sahmat, after it met with a vicious at tack by communal goons. Kumar™s detractors bayed for his blood and often threatened him with conse quences by regularly prot esting outside his Mumbai residence, but the actor refused to yield to polit ical pressure.  This idealism or ability to confront the truth is a rarity in contemporary Bollywood. Increasingly, over the last few years, its †lms have taken a hy pernationalistic turn, often distorting history to please a certain majoritar ian sentiment. This distortion  of his tory via †lm is an e“ective strategy aimed at proselytisation. There are several examples of such †lms, in cluding  Kesari,  Tanhaji and  Panipat .The trend of such †lms has  in creased. Several  are in the pipeline clearly with an eye on commercial bene†ts.What are the top stars of Bolly wood doing to combat the climate of hate that prevails in the country? Most of them have gone silent. Some who spoke up in the past were vi ciously trolled into silence, their †lms threatened with boycott. Com mercial gains have suppressed larger interests. At the end of the day, it is a commercedriven industry, and the personal wealth of the stars is also determined by the prospects of their †lms. However, this same lot that can™t stop talking about Kumar as an inspiration to them needs to engage in some selfre‘ection. Here, per haps we also need to ask: was Dilip Kumar part of a di“erent India where an actor could protest and still  get work without the fear of larger curbs? It must be said that  Kumar was also enthused by the progressive ideals of a newly independent India which the current lot of superstars lack completely. Far from reality The ongoing pandemic has further radicalised our viewing habits. With asurge of OTT platforms, there is a new access and heightened aware ness amongst the mainstream Hindi cinema audience about other Indian †lm cultures such as Tamil and Ma layalam. New as well as old †lms are released and available on these plat forms. Watching Malaya lam and Tamil cinemas speci†cally alongside con temporary Hindi cinema has made audiences real ise that the larger ques tions and concerns facing the coun try are perhaps posed in those †lm cultures beyond the glamour citadel of Mumbai whose cinema seems to be increasingly irrelevant to the real ity of contemporary India. Contem porary Hindi cinema has nothing to compare with †lms like  Karnan  or Veyilmarangal . Purely fantasybased escapist cinema can never outper form cinema confronting the real. What will Hindi cinema do when this realisation dawns upon its audienc es? May be Kumar™s death could be reckoned as a wakeup call to attempt necessary course correction. Kunal Ray teaches literary and cultural studies at FLAME University, Pune A star who stood his ground Unlike today™s Bollywood actors, Dilip Kumar never withheld from speaking his mind  Kunal Ray The Government has taken the †nal decision to bring forward a farreaching Constitution Amendment Bill during the current session of Parliament drastically amending the amending processes of the Constitution [New Delhi, July 15]. The Bill seeks to em power Parliament to make any law in furthe rance of the Directive Principles even if such law contravened the fundamental right en shrined in the constitution. The Govern ment proposes to introduce the Bill within the next fortnight and get it passed before the end of the budget session, unless it runs into some unexpected procedural di’cul ties giving the Opposition an opportunity to stall it. The constitutional experts of the Go vernment are still struggling hard to remove the legal lacuna and smoothen the rough edges to ensure its easy passage by securing the widest possible support in both Houses of Parliament. While the ruling party has the requisite twothirds majority of its own in the Lok Sabha, the Government will be obliged to do deft lobbying in the Rajya Sab ha to make doubly certain that this Constitu tion Amendment Bill does not meet with the same fate as the Privy Purses Bill last year. FIFTY YEARS AGO  JULY 16, 1971 Govt. decides to amend Constitution CC CCFROM THE ARCHIVES Since the nationwide lockdown an nounced by the Prime Minister in March last year, the Indian econo my has faced its worst contraction in history. Yet, the country™s stock indices, the Sensex and the Nifty, have almost doubled in price from the low that they hit in April 2020. Many analysts and even the Reserve Bank of India now believe that stocks are in a bubble. In this con versation moderated by  Prashanth Perumal J., Anand Srinivasan andAlok Jaindiscuss the current state of Indian markets. Edited excerpts: Can you shed light on the divergence between the stock market and the real economy? Anand Srinivasan:  The markets are going up on liquidity. Basically, all central banks are printing money and this money has to go somewh ere. So, what we are having is asset price in‘ation. The prices of gold, crypto assets, stocks, and even col lectibles have increased dramatical ly. While we may look at the Indian market in isolation, we have to un derstand that  this is not the only market that is going up. All equity markets are going up. When you see yeartodate comparisons, India is not in the top †ve countries whose exchanges have done well. There is alot of money chasing very few stocks which are of high quality. Nearly 45% of the index is con trolled by †ve stocks. The Nifty is trading at around 29 times its earn ings and its pricetobook ratio is at 4:23. So, the markets are indeed highly overvalued.  Also, Nifty earnings per share is at š559, and š100 of this can be attri buted to tax sops to corporations. These have driven prices of these companies up further. But the reali ty of the rest of India is di“erent. In dia and the rest of the world are go ing through a Kshaped recovery where the rich are accumulating a larger share of resources from the rest.  Do current valuations worry you or even matter to you?  Alok Jain:  We don™t look at valua tions because our focus is on price trends. We follow the principle of ﬁBhav Bhagwan Che (Price is God)ﬂ. We believe that price incorporates all the information that is required to be incorporated into a stock. Ho wever, as Anand said, it™s a liquidity driven rally. It is always a liquidity driven rally. We tend to equate the real economy with the stock market at all times, but they hardly ever meet. That is the sole reason 90% of all economists and analysts in the market are not able to call what™s go ing to happen next. Traditional val uation models are getting broken because the whole money supply equation is changing. If Japan can trade at 34 times earnings, the U.S. at 28 times earnings, and China at 19 times earnings, Nifty could trade at 40 or 30 or 20. You take your pick and you can justify it there. Coming back to liquidity, the Fed has pumped about $5 trillion or so and so have other central bankers. We are sitting in a vulnerable situation across markets. So, there is no real model that you can rely upon for in vesting when there™s endless money ‘owing around. One should ride the trend till the end and not sit out of the market.  AS: Alok says everything is about li quidity. I will pick up two cases from history. Let™s talk about 1989 when the Nikkei peaked  at 40,000. Now, 31 years later, the Nikkei is nowhere near 40,000. It is still about 30% below its peak. The Dow Jones in 1929 crashed from 800 to double digits. It took the index 25 years to recover this loss. So, this party has to come to an end some time. We don™t know when exactly but the early warning signs are there. American in‘ation is running at 4% for the †rst time in many years and Indian in‘ation has been con sistently higher than what the RBI projected 10 out of the last 12 months. Some say this in‘ation is transitory. But one year of in‘ation is not transitory. We have to wait and watch because as in‘ation be gins to bite, that is when politicians will remove the punch bowl and the party will come to an end. I don™t see this happening until early2022 because U.S. Federal Reserve Chair man Jerome Powell will not want to spoil the party now Š  his nomina tion is due.  Alok, what is your technical view on the market while looking at the charts?  AJ:  From our perspective, nothing much has changed. The way we work is that we have longterm mo dels which measure momentum and we then allocate across stocks. So far, we have not seen our models go to cash. As the market plateaus or starts to go down, our models tend to go into cash gradually and that has not yet started to happen so there is no concern right now about the uptrend. Over the last month or so, the markets have kind of stagnat ed. But there is enough opportunity and activity within the midcap and small cap space. So, nothing really has changed. There may be an epi sode of pro†t booking but  that would be a very normal reaction. The fear actually is that any market could become the next Japan where the market spends years consolidat ing so that valuations can catch up with price. This could be just like what we™ve seen in the real estate market. In case liquidity keeps gushing through, we could be at 18,000 on the Nifty and the result ing pain could be deeper and lon ger. So, we need to be ready with a plan to exit the market.  AS: If I look at any of the big names who have made money over the last 150 years, they didn™t make money by riding the market. They made money only by staying invested and †nding quality companies at good prices. Liquidity in the markets will come and go. From the late 1990s to today, America has been under the in‘uence of steroids injected by the U.S. Federal Reserve. So we™re look ing at a gush of liquidity over 20 years. But the history of markets shows that interest rate cycles do turn. It is hard to predict when the cycle will turn, but it should turn in the next †ve years. When the inter est rate cycle turns, equities will wit ness a fall. That is the time to accum ulate equities. In America, it was between 1969 and 1974 that Warren Bu“ett made most of his stock pur chases. Then, there was the period in 1987 when there was a major crash. In 2002, there was a major crash again. The only di“erence is that the pullback in stock prices this time has been much faster and more violent, which has not allowed people like Mr. Bu“ett to buy. But markets still have pockets of values.  Alok, what is your take on the fundamentalist viewpoint on markets?  AJ:  There™s nothing wrong in the fundamental view. The only ques tion is, while  Mr. Bu“ett is quoted so many times, how many people can act like Mr. Bu“ett? You can™t really emulate the qualities of great inves tors. So, we need to †nd more com mon man strategies, so that you can live your life peacefully and also have healthy returns on your mo ney instead of just hoping for posi tive longterm returns. In Japan, the generation that started earning and investing money from 1990 has not seen any gains so far. How many would survive in that kind of an en vironment? That can happen to any country. So, just investing based on great names, quality and great fun damentals did not ensure positive returns to Japanese investors. There are very few lucky guys who can really say that they started investing 20 years ago and that they™re sitting with multibaggers. That™s not the av erage investor™s journey. Our ap proach to the market is very, very clear. We will not predict where the market is going. Instead, we will al low the market to tell us what to do.  AS: Since Alok said people have not made money in Japan, let me quote astory. About one and a half years ago, Mr. Bu“ett decided to buy in Ja pan. He went to the bank and took a loan of several billion dollars at nearzero interest rate, payable over 25 years, and bought †ve big compa nies which had a dividend yield of over 5%. He uses the dividends to pay o“ the loans and now basically owns a 5% stake in †ve Japanese bu siness conglomerates free of cost. That is value investing. So, you bas ically get money free, you put it into acompany whose dividend will pay o“ the loan with low interest, and then you can relax. This is the way it should be. I agree it is very di’cult. It takes enormous patience. If peo ple cannot do this, then the alterna tive is to buy the index for the long term. Just keep buying the index ov er the next 3040 years and go to sleep. Put in 5060% of your money into the index and the balance in bonds and go to sleep and the index will take care of it.  Does investing in the index sound like a sensible strategy to momentum investors? AJ:  Interestingly, if you look at the index, the index itself is a momen tum portfolio. Every six months, the index committee will sit around and throw out the laggards from the in dex, and bring in stocks that are ris ing. So, the index is actually a beau tiful momentum index. You can buy index ETFs (exchangetraded funds) or index funds at a low cost and ac tually run a momentum strategy. That can be your base momentum strategy. Then you can take premi um products and run premium mo mentum strategies. My short point here is that if the index itself is like a momentum strategy  that really vali dates momentum investing.  AS: The index in India is a very shal low index. When I say index, I am talking about  a broad index like the S&P 500. Unfortunately, we don™t have mutual funds which follow the BSE 500 in a big manner. The best you can do is buy the Nifty and the Nifty Next 50. If you get an index for the Nifty 500, buy the Nifty 500 and go to sleep.  The di“erence between momen tum investing and the Nifty strategy is we keep the Nifty and buy more of it when the index goes down. What makes the di“erence between fol lowing the Nifty strategy and the momentum strategy is that I have to pay a 2% fee to the manager. In the case of the Nifty, I have to pay only 0.05% to the manager. This fee di“e rence makes a big di“erence over a period of 10 or more years.  AJ:  The S&P 500 is also similar to a momentum portfolio. It is reba lanced four times in a year instead of two times as is the case with the Nifty. And in the last decade, 200 companies have gone out of S&P 500 and 100 new companies have come into the index, so it is a beauti ful momentum portfolio. Addition ally, there is over 200 years of data showing that momentum as a factor has beaten other factors such as va lue and growth.  How do you see the markets going forward?  AS:I see this bubble continuing to play out depending on two things. One is in‘ationary expectations be cause in‘ation expectations will de termine when the U.S. Federal Re serve will raise interest rates. If U.S. President Joe Biden allows in‘ation to run to 7% or 8%, then he may be forced to bring it down, and the Fed will be forced to apply the brakes very quickly. If this episode of in‘a tion turns out to be transitory, the current momentum in stocks will continue for a year or so. It all de pends on the in‘ation trajectory.  AJ: The in‘ation bogey is upon us, and I don™t foresee in‘ation dying out. More than in‘ation, real inter est rates need to be watched, be cause a nominal interest rate rise may also get absorbed in the mar ket. It will take some external event probably for the U.S. Fed to change course. So, the current trend seems par for the course. Is the Indian stock market in a bubble? Investors believe stocks are overvalued but disagree on how to play the market Alok Jain  is a SEBIregistered investment adviser and a momentum investor at weekendinvesting dot comAnand Srinivasan is a value investor and the author of ‚Ordinary Stocks, Extraordinary Pro†ts™Scan the QR code to listen to the full interview online REUTERSPARLEY<>We tend to equate the realeconomy with the stock market at all times, but they hardly ever meet. That is the sole reason 90% of all economists and analysts in the market are not able to call what™s going to happen next.Alok Jain This PDF was originally uploaded To The  English Newspaper L Banna SA (https://t.me/English_Newspaper_L_Banna)one else Backup chennal @NEWS_Backup_L_Banna 
 
 
 
 

PAGE       :
 17 
 
 
 
 
WORLDTHE HINDU VISAKHAPATNAM
FRIDAY,JULY16,2021 11The Taliban have o†ered a threemonth cease“re in ex change for the release of 7,000 insurgent prisoners, an Afghan government nego tiator said on Thursday, as Pakistan con“rmed the mili tant group had control of a key border crossing. ﬁIt is a big demand,ﬂ said Nader Nadery, a key member of the government team in volved in peace talks with the Taliban, adding the in surgents also demanded the removal of their leaders™ names from a United Nations blacklist. It was not clear how the government would react to the cease“re o†er, or how new it was, and it comes as the U.S. accelerates the pace of a troop withdrawal due to be “nished by August 31.Aspokesman for the Tali ban said he was only aware of the suggestion of a cease “re over the forthcoming Eid alAdha holiday. Mr. Na dery™s revelation came as Pa kistan security forces used tear gas on Thursday to dis perse hundreds of people who tried to force their way across the border from Cha man to Spin Boldak in Afghanistan. On Thursday, Pakistan™s Foreign Ministry con“rmed the border crossing was in the hands of the Taliban. ﬁThey have taken control of Spin Boldak border cross ing,ﬂ said Ministry spokes man Zahid Hafeez Chaudhri, aday after the Taliban seized the town. The border was closed on Wednesday by Pakistan o‘ cials after the Taliban seized Spin Boldak . ﬁAn unruly mob of about 400 people tried to cross the gate force fully. They threw stones, which forced us to use tear gas,ﬂ said a security o‘cial on the Pakistan side. He said around 1,500 peo ple had gathered at the bor der on Wednesday waiting to cross. Jumadad Khan, a se nior government o‘cial in Chaman, said the situation was now ﬁunder controlﬂ. An Afghan Taliban source told  AFP that hundreds of people had also gathered on the Afghan side, hoping to travel in the other direction. ﬁA formal meeting to open the border is scheduled for today, and hopefully, it will open in a day or two,ﬂ he said. Later on Thursday, a Pakistan o‘cial said the bor der would open on Friday.  The crossing provides di rect access to the Balochis tan province in Pakistan, where the Taliban™s leader ship has been based for decades. Taliban o†er truce for prisoner release A3month cease†re proposed; Pakistan con†rms militants have seized Spin Boldak border crossing Agence FrancePresse KabulGrowing tensions: Stranded people gather at the Pakistani border town of Chaman on Wednesday.  AFPMillions of Chinese people face bans from public spac es, including schools, hospi tals and shopping malls, un less they get a COVID19 vaccine, under new rules co vering nearly two dozen ci ties and counties. COVID19 “rst emerged in the central Chinese city of Wuhan in late 2019, but since then, the country has largely brought it under con trol, and Beijing is deter mined to keep it that way. The new rules, which fol low the emergence of the highly contagious Delta var iant across Asia, will be im posed on numerous second tier cities in a possible mark er of what is to come for the whole country. China has a national target of inoculat ing 64% of its 1.4 billion pop ulation by end of the year. In Chuxiong city in the southern province of Yun nan, all residents above the age of 18 need to get at least one dose of the vaccine by July 23, according to a go vernment notice . Those who fail to meet the deadline ﬁwill not be allowed to enter public facilities including hospitals, nursing homes, kindergartens and schools, libraries, museums, and pri sons or take public tran sportﬂ. A month later, two shots will be required.  Similar notices were is sued in at least a dozen cities and counties across the country, including six in eastern Jiangxi province, one in Sichuan, one in Guangxi and three in Fujian province. China to ban unvaccinated  adults from schools, hospitals Notices have been issued in several cities and counties Agence FrancePresse Beijing China aims to inoculate  64% of its population by  the end of next year.  China said on Thursday it will send a team to Pakistan to help investigate a blast on abus that killed 13 people, including nine Chinese workers, after it backed away from an earlier asser tion that the explosion was a bomb attack. Zhao Lijian, a Chinese Fo reign Ministry spokesman, told a regular brie“ng that China would cooperate closely with Pakistan in the investigation. Wednesday™s blast sent the bus crashing into a ra vine in KhyberPaktunkhwa province in northwest Pakis tan, where Chinese engi neers have for several years been working on hydroelec tric projects as part of Beij ing™s massive Belt and Road Initiative. China is a close al ly and major investor in neighbouring Pakistan, and various antiPakistani go vernment militants have in the past attacked Chinese projects. On Wednesday, Mr. Zhao had called the blast a ﬁbomb attackﬂ but Pakistan said a mechanical failure caused a gas leak that led to the explosion. Senior Chinese diplomat Wang Yi met Pakistani Fo reign Minister Shah Mah mood Qureshi and urged Pa kistan to investigate the blast but he stopped short of call ing it an attack, according to apost on Thursday on the Chinese Foreign Ministry™s website. But Mr. Wang told Mr. Qureshi that if it was in deed a ﬁterrorist attackﬂ, Pa kistan should immediately arrest the culprits and pun ish them. Mr. Wang, who is China™s State Councillor and Foreign Minister, said ﬁlessons should be learnedﬂ and both sides should strengthen se curity measures for China Pakistan cooperation pro jects to ensure their safe and smooth operation. But the country refrains from calling it a ‚bomb attack™ ReutersBeijing The blast, which killed 13  people, sent the bus crashing into a ravine.  China to send team to Pak.   for bus blast investigation  The Pentagon™s top General feared late last year that thenpresident Donald Trump would abrogate the Constitution to retain power in a move resembling Adolf Hitler™s 1933 Reichstag take over, according to a new book. Joint Chiefs Chairman Mark Milley saw Mr. Trump™s refusal to accept defeat to Joe Biden in the November election as a pos sible sign that he intended to retain power by any means, according to ex cerpts from the book by Washington Post reporters Carol Leonnig and Philip Rucker that were reported by the  Post and  CNN  on Thursday. ﬁThis is a Reichstag mo ment ... The gospel of the Fuhrer,ﬂ Mr. Milley told Pen tagon aides, the authors re port. In 1933, Hitler took ad vantage of a suspicious “re at the Reichstag, the Ger man Parliament, to suspend civil liberties and concen trate authority in his govern ment, setting the stage for the Nazi consolidation of power. When Mr. Trump called for a march on Washington by supporters in November, Mr. Milley expressed wor ries that he was deploying ﬁbrownshirts in the streetsﬂ, the book says, referring to Hitler™s violent followers. And as Mr. Trump persisted in claiming, with no evi dence, that there was poll fraud and planned another rally on January 6, when his followers attacked the Con gress, Mr. Milley schemed with other top o‘cials to re sign, one by one, to signal that they would not go along with any coup by the outgo ing president. ‚General feared Trump™s  Reichstagstyle takeover™ Book cites Mark Milley™s comments Agence FrancePresse Washington Battered down :A destroyed road next to the Ahr river in a †ooda“ected area in Schuld, Germany, on Thursday. Heavy rains and †oods have killed at least 45 people in the country  and left many more missing. REUTERSCCNature™s fury The European Union™s (EU) top court ruled on Thursday that Poland™s system for dis ciplining judges undercuts the bloc™s laws, part of an es calating battle over demo cratic rules that risks Warsaw losing some of its key deve lopment funding. Poland™s ruling national ists set up a disciplinary chamber at the Supreme Court in a sweeping overhaul of the judiciary already con demned by the Court of Jus tice of the EU in Luxembourg and the bloc™s Brussels based executive, which acts as the guardian of laws across the 27 member states. Reinforcing that, the ECJ ruled that the chamber ﬁdoes not provide all the guarantees of impartiality and independence, and, in particular, is not protected from the direct or indirect in ’uence of the Polish legisla ture and executiveﬂ. The ECJ had already told Warsaw to immediately stop all proceedings at the disci plinary chamber but Po land™s top court said on Wed nesday the demand ran counter to its constitution and the country should not comply. ﬁIt is an obvious conclusion for any Polish ci tizen that the constitution is the highest legal act,ﬂ Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Mo rawiecki told reporters on Thursday. Both he and Jus tice Minister Zbigniew Zio bro said they considered the EU stance to be politically motivated. Polish judicial reforms illegal, rules EU court Warsaw has set up a disciplinary chamber at the Supreme Court in a sweeping overhaul of judiciary ReutersBRUSSELS/WARSAW Bolsonaro in hospital, may need surgery: govt BRASÍLIABrazil™s President Jair Bolsonaro is suffering from an ﬁintestinal obstructionﬂ, the government said on Wednesday, after the farright leader was admitted to hospital due to persistent hiccups. He had been complaining publicly since last week about suffering from the hiccups following a July 3 surgery on a dental implant.  AFPLebanon™s PMdesignate Saad Hariri steps down BEIRUT Lebanon™s Prime Ministerdesignate Saad Hariri stepped down on Thursday, citing ﬁkey differencesﬂ with the President after months of political wrangling.After a 20minute meeting with President Michel Aoun, Mr. Hariri said, ﬁI have excused myself from forming the government. May God help the country.ﬂ  APIN BRIEF South Africa mustered its army reserves on Thursday in a bid to quell looting that has stoked fears of shortag es and dealt a crippling blow to its already battered economy. ﬁAll reserve members are to report for duty at “rst light tomorrow morn ing 15 July 2021 at their res pective units,ﬂ Army Chief LieutenantGeneral Law rence Mbatha said in or ders issued overnight as the unrest entered its sixth day. Soldiers should ﬁre port ready with their ne cessary equipmentﬂ, the Defence Ministry said in a statement. On Wednesday, the go vernment said it would call out around 25,000 troops to tackle the emergency Š 10 times the number that it initially deployed. Police Minister Bheki Cele hailed the boost from the military, saying he was con“dent it would ﬁturn around the volatile situa tion in parts of KwaZulu Natalﬂ province, the epi centre of the unrest. The unrest began a day after former president Ja cob Zuma Š who com mands support from some of the country's poor Š be gan a 15month jail term on July 8.  S. Africa calls  up troops to  crush looting Agence FrancePresse Johannesburg The U.S. Senate passed legis lation that would ban pro ducts imported from China™s Xinjiang region, the latest move to pressure Beijing ov er what Washington says are major human rights abuses against the Muslim Uyghur community. The Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act, which cleared the Upper chamber by unanimous consent on Wednesday, is intended to bar the import of products made through forced labour, which is allegedly being used in the northwestern Chinese region. ‚No more™ ﬁThe message to Beijing and any international company that pro“ts from forced la bour in Xinjiang is clear: no more,ﬂ Republican Senator Marco Rubio said in a state ment. ﬁWe will not turn a blind eye to the CCP™s [Chi nese Communist Party™s] ongoing crimes against hu manity, and we will not al low corporations a free pass to pro“t from those horri“c abuses.ﬂ The measure now heads to the House of Repre sentatives, which must pass it if it is to reach President Joe Biden for his signature. The U.S. has already taken action against China over Xinjiang, in addition to Se cretary of State Antony Blin ken meeting survivors of Xinjiang internment camps last week in Washington. The U.S. also banned im ports of solar panel material from a Chinese company and placed restrictions on four others for alleged use of forced labour in the region. U.S. Senate votes to ban items  from China™s Xinjiang region Bill gets unanimous consent in the Upper Chamber Agence FrancePresse Washington Travellers arriving in Cuba can now bring in food, med icine and other essentials without paying customs, the government said Wednes day in a concession to angry and unprecedented street protests. Prime Minister Ma nuel Marrero said in a tele vised address there would be no limit placed on these goods coming in and the change will be in e†ect until the end of the year. Cubans took to the streets on Sunday over economic hardship marked by shor tages of food, electricity and other essentials. One of the demands was for people ar riving in Cuba to be able to bring in food, medicine and personal hygiene items without customs duties. Cuba allows travellers to  bring in food dutyfree PM announces decision in TV address Agence FrancePresse Havana Britain will work with the Taliban should they enter the government in Afghanistan, British Defence Minister Ben Wallace told the  Daily Telegraph in an interview. ﬁWhatever the government of the day is, provided it adheres to certain international norms, the U.K. government will engage with it,ﬂ he was quoted as saying. However, Mr. Wallace warned that Britain will review any relationship ﬁif they behave in a way that is seriously against human rightsﬂ. Reuters‚U.K. will work with Taliban™ DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDThis PDF was originally uploaded To The  English Newspaper L Banna SA (https://t.me/English_Newspaper_L_Banna)one else Backup chennal @NEWS_Backup_L_Banna 
 
 
 
 
